---
title: Day 1 - Homework 
layout: post
tags: ["daily", "computer", "math", "engineering"]
categories: ["daily"]
---

### Must

1. There is a ***job interview*** about applying ***research assistant*** in the afternoon, therefore I must to do some research first. If I am lucky enough to be accepted, this will be my first official in-house position with actual pay. Hooray. **:D** Even though the interested field of the professor is not mine, a job is a job, who knows.
2. Finishing the [***FastAPI tutorial***](https://youtu.be/7t2alSnE2-I). and set up blank template for the future me. It will be better to create a public repository about this in Github. :D
3. Complete ***NLP homework*** with my so-called teammate. I am not sure whether he is a top students or not, but neither am I.  I will elaborate the detail of it after competence in the following section.

### Advanced 

1. Continuation of reading ***Discrete Mathematics***, better finish @ chapter two today.

## Morning

1. M1 => I do not consider this is a good opportunity for me, as the contact was just saying assign me a task, and the complete period is two weeks. Some questions he asked I even cannot ask at all, such as thread pool and c programming. :(
2. M2 => Tutorial is finished. But I should go though the [official documentation](https://fastapi.tiangolo.com/tutorial/) in the next stage. Let's settle down in this weekend.

## Afternoon

1. M3 => the homework is more time consuming than I thought. :(

## Night

- [ ] M3 => Must finish the NLP Homework tonight. :D

## Ad-hoc

Chrome cannot play Youtube video.<br />Review the PowerPoints of ANLP, and catch up some chapter of those.<br />Need a plan. :D

## Ref

https://web.stanford.edu/~jurafsky/slp3/
